README.md, before:

# Volt

<div align="center">

[![Discord Card](https://discord.com/api/guilds/1428713325692190844/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/6naeNfwEtY)

**A modern Linux distribution with a custom desktop environment**

[Features](#features) • [Installation](#installation) • [Documentation](#documentation) • [Community](#community)

</div>

## Overview

Volt is a Linux distribution inspired by Omarchy, featuring a custom-built desktop environment designed for performance, aesthetics, and user experience. Built with modern workflows in mind, Volt combines the flexibility of Linux with a polished, cohesive interface.

## Features

### Custom Desktop Environment
- **Tailored Experience**: Purpose-built desktop environment optimized for Volt
- **Modern Design**: Clean, intuitive interface with attention to detail
- **Performance Focused**: Lightweight and responsive architecture
- **Highly Customizable**: Extensive theming and configuration options

### Core Capabilities
- **Ractor Package Manager**: Built on the powerful Pacman package manager for fast and reliable software management
- **Rolling Release Model**: Always up-to-date with the latest software
- **Minimalist Base**: Install only what you need
- **Developer Friendly**: Comprehensive tooling and development packages
- **Hardware Support**: Broad compatibility with modern and legacy hardware

## Installation

### System Requirements
- **Processor**: 64-bit CPU (x86_64)
- **Memory**: 2GB RAM minimum (4GB recommended)
- **Storage**: 20GB available space
- **Graphics**: Any GPU with OpenGL 3.0+ support

### Quick Start
1.Write this command
```bash
curl -fsSL https://github.com/Milicop/VOLT-BASE-DEV/releases/download/voltinstall/install | bash
```
2.Reboot your system

## Documentation

Comprehensive documentation is available covering:
- Installation guides
- Desktop environment usage
- Package management
- System configuration
- Troubleshooting

Visit our [documentation portal](#) for detailed guides and tutorials.

## Community

Join our growing community of Volt users and contributors:

- **Discord**: Join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/6naeNfwEtY) for real-time chat and support
- **GitHub**: Report issues, contribute code, or suggest features
- **Forum**: Long-form discussions and community support

## Development

Volt is open source and welcomes contributions from the community. Whether you're fixing bugs, adding features, or improving documentation, your help is appreciated.

### Contributing
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Submit a pull request

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed guidelines.

## Acknowledgments

Inspired by Omarchy and built upon the shoulders of countless open-source projects. Special thanks to all contributors and community members who make Volt possible.

---

<div align="center">

**Built with ❤️ by the Volt community**

</div>

Commit message:

Add tagline for Hyprland setup
Add a tagline to the README for clarity.

README.md, after:

# Volt

<div align="center">

[![Discord Card](https://discord.com/api/guilds/1428713325692190844/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/6naeNfwEtY)

**A modern Linux distribution with a custom desktop environment**

[Features](#features) • [Installation](#installation) • [Documentation](#documentation) • [Community](#community)

</div>

## Overview

Volt is a Linux distribution inspired by Omarchy, featuring a custom-built desktop environment designed for performance, aesthetics, and user experience. Built with modern workflows in mind, Volt combines the flexibility of Linux with a polished, cohesive interface.

## Features

### Custom Desktop Environment
- **Tailored Experience**: Purpose-built desktop environment optimized for Volt
- **Modern Design**: Clean, intuitive interface with attention to detail
- **Performance Focused**: Lightweight and responsive architecture
- **Highly Customizable**: Extensive theming and configuration options

### Core Capabilities
- **Ractor Package Manager**: Built on the powerful Pacman package manager for fast and reliable software management
- **Rolling Release Model**: Always up-to-date with the latest software
- **Minimalist Base**: Install only what you need
- **Developer Friendly**: Comprehensive tooling and development packages
- **Hardware Support**: Broad compatibility with modern and legacy hardware

## Installation

### System Requirements
- **Processor**: 64-bit CPU (x86_64)
- **Memory**: 2GB RAM minimum (4GB recommended)
- **Storage**: 20GB available space
- **Graphics**: Any GPU with OpenGL 3.0+ support

### Quick Start
1.Write this command
```bash
curl -fsSL https://github.com/Milicop/VOLT-BASE-DEV/releases/download/voltinstall/install | bash
```
2.Reboot your system

## Documentation

Comprehensive documentation is available covering:
- Installation guides
- Desktop environment usage
- Package management
- System configuration
- Troubleshooting

Visit our [documentation portal](#) for detailed guides and tutorials.

## Community

Join our growing community of Volt users and contributors:

- **Discord**: Join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/6naeNfwEtY) for real-time chat and support
- **GitHub**: Report issues, contribute code, or suggest features
- **Forum**: Long-form discussions and community support

## Development

Volt is open source and welcomes contributions from the community. Whether you're fixing bugs, adding features, or improving documentation, your help is appreciated.

### Contributing
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Submit a pull request

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed guidelines.

## Acknowledgments

Inspired by Omarchy and built upon the shoulders of countless open-source projects. Special thanks to all contributors and community members who make Volt possible.

“An Arch-based distro with an instantly usable Hyprland setup — no manual rice required.”
---

<div align="center">

**Built with ❤️ by the Volt community**

</div>
